Umonya was born out of the UCT Algorithm Circle [link to website]. We began by introducing the Python programming language to a small group of learners from the UCT Maths Circle, who found the course immensely enjoyable. This first success prompted us to reach out to a larger number of learners; we decided to venture into new terrain and advertise to all schools in Cape Town.

A week later we had received over a hundred applications from thirty schools. The response exceeded even our most abmitious expectations, and as such we had to limit our acceptance to fourty-five students. The response to this pilot was phenominal. The learners performed exceptionally under the guidance of their student tutors, who took great pleasure in the learners' progress. By the end of the workshop, attendees with no prior experience were able to write fully functioning programmes.

#IFDEF CATCH_PHRASE
#include "As for us, one thing became readily apparent: Project Umonya was going to be far more than just a course, it was to be a community.h"
#ENDIF

Following the succes of the pilot, we quickly realised the potential of Project Umonya and organised larger workshops in Cape Town and Stellenbosch. As part of its CS4HS initiative <link>, Google later awarded us funding to extend the reach of the project beyond the borders of the Western Cape. We have since grown from the initial ten volunteers to the full spectrum listed below:

// TODO: formatting
TODO: This will need to be updated once we've restructured the core team 

Core team:

Marco Gallotta: MSc student in bioinformatics. Umonya founder, lead organiser and lecturer.
http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/89cff7a629a2782ebc5805675fcb09f0?s=128&d=identicon&r=PG
Robert Ketteringham: 3rd Year Electonic Engineering student at Stellenbosch University. Course lectturer, tutor and coordinator?
Hayley McIntosh: 
Steve Kroon: Senior Lecturer in Computer Science at Stellenbosch University.  Course co-ordinator for past Stellenbosch courses. ( http://imgur.com/O1Wur )
Ryan Goosen: MSc(Med) Medical Biochemistry student (previous background in Comp. Sci). Umonya website development lead, lecturer, tutor.

Lecturers:

Michiel Baird: 
Henk Joubert: 
Graham Poulter: 
Kosie van der Merwe: 2nd Year BSc student at University of Cape Town, with majors in Computer Science and Mathematics.( http://imgur.com/QEYms )

-- in a scroll box --
Tutors:

Gwylim Ashley
Jason Brownbridge
Jan Buys
Tslil Clingman
Kieren Davies
Roland Elliot
Rory Grandin
Maia Grotepass
Yaseen Hamdulay
Julian Kenwood
Graham Manuell
Vaughan Newton
Helge Reikeras
Stefano Rivera
Nina Schiff
Ben Steenhuisen
Flora Tasse
Alexander van Olst
Rizmari Versfeld

Additional volunteers:

Doug Kisbaka
Schalk-Willem Krüger
Matthew Laten
Francois Loubser
James Saunders

