/*
Tutors+lecturers
Focus is hs students doing cs and hs teachers doing cs
*/


Volunteering for Umonya:
------------------------
The success of Umonya depends a wide spectrum of volunteers. If you are a competent* programmer, consider volunteering as a tutor. Tutors engage with participants on a one-to-one basis in order to help solidify their understanding of lecture topics. You may also wish to help with the writing of workshop coursework, or with website design and maintenance.

However, you do not need to be an experienced programmer to help, as we require assistance with adminstrative tasks such as: coordinating volunteers, transport, catering, advertising, accounting, liasing with various universities, and coordinating sponsorship.

/*
There are many facets to the running and execution of a successful Umonya workshop and so we always welcome new volunteers. 

Tutors, lecturers, video streaming, website design and maintenance, writing textbooks,
admin/organisation: coordinating volunteers, transport & catering, media relations/advertising, accountant, university liason, finding sponsors, t-shirts/misc., email queries
*/


Running a club at school:
-------------------------

/*
If no workshop in your area we can supply resources/etc. for a club ...
After Umonya workshop the learners can continue to learn
Link to resources when available
Are we maybe mentioning AC here?

//If you are interested in what the Umonya workshops offer, but are not in a region where workshops are held, we offer resources for initiating school clubs.

Anyone who wants assistance on setting up a computer club at their school that covers every thing from Python to other stuff, we are setting up resources to help them do this.
once they have established a computer club, we will get professionals to give talks on things that they can't give lectures on.
we have experience and are working with other teachers. can help establish links with other clubs.
if they aren't near an Umonya course and they can come up with funding, we can help them to set up a Umonya workshop.

* Umonya is not just a course. we want to build a community....
* We want to empower people to run their own courses. Our aim is to equip people to run their own courses.
* kids that are interested in programming are introduced to programming and exposed to the types of things you can do with computers
We would like provide the opportunity for every school learner in South Africa interested in programming to attend an Umonya workshop. / We would like to spread Umonya workshops throughout country.
We would like to spread Umonya workshops throughout country.
We are regerttibly unable to hold workshops everywhere. */

We would like provide the opportunity for interested learners to be introduced to programming and exposed to the types of things you can do with computers. However, we are unable to hold workshops in all regions of the country. If you are interested in running a workshop in your region, we can assist by providing advice and _workshop materials_.

For teachers or learners who would like set up a computer club at their schools, we offer assistance in the form of resources and potential contacts to professionals and other groups. We have experience in working with teachers and can help to establish links with other clubs. Although, for the purposes of the Umonya workshops our focus is predominantly on Python programming, we are also willing and able to provide help in other fields, such as other programming languages or general computer-related topics.

Once a club has become established, members may wish to further apply their new-found knowledge of programming. Umonya is eager to partner with initiatives that facilitate this process. One such initiative is the _UCT Algorithm Circle_, which hosts a wealth of reasources, lecture slides and discussions on its website. Addtionally, learners in the proximity of the University of Cape Town may benefit from attending Algorithm Circle lectures held at the university. Should you know of another such initiative, please _contact us_ with further information.

/*
Umonya is in contact with another initiative: UCT Algorithm Circle. Once a club has become established, members may wish to further apply their new-found knowledge of programming by visiting the _website_, which contains a wealth of reasources, lecture slides and discussions. Addtionally, learners in the proximity of the University of Cape Town may benefit from attending lectures held at the university. 

Umonya is closely associated with another initiative: UCT Algorithm Circle. Once a club has become established, members may wish to further apply their new-found knowledge of programming by visiting the _website_, which contains a wealth of reasources, lecture slides and discussions. Addtionally, learners in the proximity of University of Cape Town may benefit from attending lectures held at the university.
*/




